---
title: June 25th, 2020
---

## Checking in...
### Brought [[Bruce Wayne]] to the dog park for an hour and a half after I finally got out of bed this morning after really struggling.

### Time for the [[Chelsea]] v [[Manchester City]] match now.
#### If MC loses, [[Liverpool]] will secure the PL title!!!

#### Pulisic scores first to give Chelsea the 1-0 lead!

#### 16:03 What a game right now! Chelsea up 2-1 after a handball from Fenandhino to stop a ball from going in, resulting in a penalty for Willian and a red card for Fernandhino. About 7 minutes to go including extra time.

### I've fallen off my beer and [[LoFi]] logging around here.
#### I bought sooo much fucking music on [[Bandcamp]] that it's going to be tough to catch up with all of that around here.

## [[Bandcamp Collection Expirement]]
### I've decided I am going to start going through my entire [[Bandcamp]] collection and log each album, as listened to.

### Today's albums:
#### [[Music for Piano & Patience by Ithaca Trio]]

#### [[Music for Guitar & Patience by Le Berger]]

## Started reading [[The House in the Cerulean Sea by TJ Klune]]

## 23:24 Bit of a headache right now
### Knocked out a 10 minute yoga flow on [[Peloton]] just now.
#### Reason I did this was because I was checking out something called [[ROMWOD]], which basically just looks like "Manly Yoga" I guess. Stretching for strength. I cancelled my trial immediately, but I had to check it out.

### Still struggling with when to read books vs news, and when to listen to music vs podcasts. Such a tough life.
