---
title: June 23rd, 2020
---

## Nothing really going on today (already said that in my [[Field Notes]])
### Really struggling with what goes where.

## Places (again...):
### [[Things]]- tasks

### [[Roam]]- thoughts

### [[Field Notes]] - log

### [[Drafts ]] - everything, drafts, blogs

### [[Day One]] - journal (not really using, but still on homescreen for some reason)

### [[TIV]] - blog

## Prepping the July [[Field Notes]] today.
### Slightly new format to test out. 
#### Bigger focus on text (scheduling and logging, mainly)

## I've been semi-grandfathered into three apps that have since turned to [[Subscription]] which makes me a bit nervous. I can continue to use, but am not considered "PRO", and I'm worried I'll eventually get pushed, especially as certain features stop working.
### [[Day One]]

### [[Fantastical]]

### [[1Password]]

## Finally got an invite to [[Hey]]: kvnk@hey.com is my new email address.
### I think I love it...

### A coupe future-proofish positives:
#### Custom domain's are coming. (not here yet, but in the future I'll probably do depending on cost)

#### If you pay for the first year and decide against it, they will forward everything for you as long as the service exists.
##### It could go away and if you have important accounts tied to it... oh well...?

### https://tiv.today/2020/06/initialhey

### Get off [one waitlist](https://tiv.today/2020/06/heyaddress), only to hop on [another](https://neeva.co/). [[Neeva]] **looks** cool, but I struggle to see __regular__ people paying for search. Execution has to be superb and pricing has to be relatively tame to avoid scaring too many people away.

## I've decided to keep my microposts "as is" on [[TIV]] and not have a daily page. 
### It just doesn't really make sense for me.

### I feel like the set-up for micro vs regular posts is pretty nice on [[TIV]] and if there is something I don't want public, or at least broadcasted, I can put it here.

### Maybe I'll transition some of these to the Tidbits page I had set-up but never used.
#### I'd still have to figure out how to make this obvious from the homepage rather than a little lightning bolt icon in the menu.

## Before I started making red eye’s in the morning, I was exclusively drinking espresso shots so I basically forgot how I made my [[Aeropress]] coffees. Luckily, I found my old notebook from 2014 where I meticulously tested grind size, water temperature, and pour/sitr/steep schedules.

## The [Mark Two](https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/danprovost/mark-two-a-minimal-and-durable-pocket-pen?goal=0_b3825429c8-70b9a0ed60-325481337) looks really nice. I’ve been looking for a nice, portable pen with a clip to use with my [[Field Notes]] for awhile. A little out of my price range right now though.

## [Analog](https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/ugmonk/analog-the-simplest-productivity-system/description) from [[Ugmonk]] looks pretty nifty. Not something I need given my current set-up, but maybe I’ll revisit it down the road.

## I really feel like the [[NBA]] season is going to end up getting cancelled before it even begins and it makes me incredibly sad. The manner with which Florida and the country at large have handled things creates too great of a risk. While the [[NBA]] gives players a great platform to speak and be heard amidst the rising intensity of the [[Black Lives Matter]] movement; it’s a double-edged sword evidenced by the hesitancy of certain players to make millions in the name of entertainment while others are in the streets protesting. Some eligible players have already dropped out (for sound reasons) and now with Jokic testing positive before camps have even begun… What is the NBA going to do if ten or more contract [[COVID-19]] in Orlando? I really, really wanted to see the [[NBA]] return, but I think it’s just too much. Most of all, it shows the terrible leadership in our country (and Florida) given the pretty successful return of soccer around the world. Maybe I’ll end up being wrong though, but at this point I’d scrap it and start figuring out how to have a safe and successful return for next season this fall.

## Because I don’t use/try enough tools already… After enjoying [[Hey]]I decided to give [[Basecamp]] Personal a try. Spun up a project “Job Search”, nice to keep files, forward relevant emails, break out to-do’s, and check-in on a regular basis to keep myself accountable.
