---
title: April 25th, 2020
---

## Daily Log::
### Didn't actually get out of bed until past 10:00 AM

### Walked Bruce and then made espresso

### Watched more [[Community - NBC]]
#### S1E15 - "Romantic Expressionism" The episode where Annie starts dating Vaughn.

#### S1E16 - "Communication Studies" Drunk dialing and lady pant suits.

#### S1E17 - White Abed and Billiards

#### E18 - Go get me a switch

#### 19 - Ghosting in pottery and pierce drowning in the parking lot

#### 20 - Level six wizard and frog prank

#### 21 - Goodfelllas chicken

#### 22 - High School Schmittys

#### 23 - Call of Duty Paintball War

#### 24 - Spanish Final

#### 25 - Finale Love Square

### Finally got around to reading issue 1 and 2 of [[Watchmen]] in the Absolute hardcover I borrowed. 

### Also got back to reading [[House of X - Marvel]] and [[Powers of X - Marvel]] (Issue # 3 of each)

### Skimmed through the notes of the [[Indieweb]] thing on Wikis and Blogs: https://etherpad.indieweb.org/GardenAndStream

### Started [[The Ocean at the End of the Lane by Neil Gaiman]]

### Also started watching [[The Midnight Gospel - Netflix]]
#### Super fucking weird

#### S1E1+2

#### E3 - Magic

## Thoughts::
### Finished [[Exhalation by Ted Chiang]] late last night at like 02:00 AM
#### Just added all my highlights. Found using kindle's notebook site easier than Readwise to go through and copy/paste everything in. Had to manually add the page numbers though.

#### Going to try some of the [[Zettelkasten Method]] that [[Shu Omi]] mentioned in his [[YouTube]] videos. I built out the book page with reference, background, and highlights, but also created a new "Notes on..." page that I want to go back through and write more about in. It isn't exactly following the process, but it's a start and gives me an excuse to use the second column feature of [[Roam]].

### One thing I actually like more about [[Stroll]] than [[Roam]] is, you can hit enter without arrowing down when typing in [[ and typing and it will autocomplete to the first option. In Roam you have to arrow down even to get the first option.

### Thinking about Morning/Evening/Reviews/Logs in [[Roam]] and how I might want to incorporate them a little more and regimented.

### [[Micropost]] on [[The Midnight Gospel - Netflix]]
#### __The Midnight Gospel__ is super weird and not at all what I expected. It’s basically a Duncan Trussell podcast, but animated in a super crazy, psychedelic __Adventure Time__ style. I don’t know that I’d recommend it, but I can’t stop watching…?

### [[Types of Media]]
#### Books, TV, Movies, Comics

#### Podcasts, Standup, Articles, Blogs, Documentaries
