---
title: December 11th, 2020
---

## Started a fresh session of [[Logseq]] on Chrome, but locally on my MacBook.
### Tried doing a [[Roam]] export of Markdown files and then just dropping them in the journal folder, but since Roam exports as bullets, it comes through jacked up in Logseq.

### Oh Shit! The JSON import worked this time as local.
#### Tried to login to Github to see if it would then sync over, but then I got a blank Logseq...
##### So I tried the JSON import again with Github and still no luck.
###### Oh Shit! Yes it did.

## [[🎵]] [[evermore by Taylor Swift]]
### Should I have a music log.........?
#### Everything is just turning into logs......

## [[Politics Journal]]
### Liberal [ **lib**-er-__uh__l, **lib**-r__uh__l ] {definition; adjective}
#### ^^favorable to progress^^ or reform, as in political or religious affairs.

#### (__often initial capital letter__) noting or pertaining to a political party advocating measures of progressive political reform.

#### of, pertaining to, based on, or advocating [liberalism](https://www.dictionary.com/browse/liberalism), especially the ^^freedom of the individual and governmental guarantees of individual rights and liberties.^^

#### ^^favorable to or in accord with concepts of maximum individual freedom possible, especially as guaranteed by law and secured by governmental protection of civil liberties.^^

### Conservative [ k__uh__n-**sur**-v__uh__-tiv ] {definition; adjective}
#### ^^disposed to preserve existing conditions, institutions, etc., or to restore traditional ones, and to limit change.^^
##### Except pre-existing conditions 🥸

#### cautiously moderate or purposefully low: __a conservative estimate.__

#### traditional in style or manner; avoiding novelty or showiness: __conservative suit.__

#### (__often initial capital letter__) of or relating to the Conservative party.

## —————

## [[Media Diet]]
### [[Scooby-Doo Where Are You!]] S1E1+2
#### Planning on watching all the Scooby-Doo shit on [[HBO Max]].

#### It's good background TV for me right now.

## [[Wellness Log]]
### 20 min free ride [[Peloton]]

## [[Link Log]]
### [[📰]] Heavy Is the Head That Wears the [[AirPods Max]] //101220// [daringfireball.net](https://daringfireball.net/2020/12/heavy_is_the_head_that_wears_the_airpods_max)
