---
title: November 2nd, 2020
---

## [[Politics Journal]]
### People need to stop caring about what celebrities say so much. 

### I mean, should it really matter what [[John Mulaney]] has to say?

### At the same time, I get it. Trying to say shit will be the same no matter who wins is normalizing these past four years and if you really think there’s no difference between the two candidates then you aren’t actually looking. 

### And if you are so __self righteous__ that you want to vote third party to prove a point, then you are directly contributing to the problems you spout on about. ((not to undermine the problems b)

### Yes, [[Joe Biden]] is not going to solve all of the worlds problems. No one can. But, he will take things back in the right direction, even if only a few inches, rather than going right off the cliff like the jackass currently in office. 

### But yeah, you go ahead and vote for someone who will change nothing because they’ll get less than 1% of votes. 

## Was looking at watching [[The Queen’s Gambit - Netflix]] and it looks like [[Jack Baty]] enjoyed. 
### Have I mentioned how much I enjoyed The Queen’s Gambit? Took me by surprise. The cinematography and period detail alone was worth it. Oh, and it’s impossible to take one’s eyes off from Anya Taylor-Joy. She’s great here.
#### Can’t get the micro.blog embed to copy from iOS right now...

## Really digging [[Phil N.]]’s [[roam/css]]

## —————

## [[Media Diet]]
### [[Baby Driver (2017)]]
#### Rewatch, just caught the second half on FX. 

#### Love this movie. 

### [[Now You See Me (2013)]]

### [[The One and Only Ivan (2020)]]
