---
title: April 26th, 2020
---

## Daily Log::
### Up at 09:35

### Baking brownies with bits of Oreos in them. 

### Read issue # 3 of [[Watchmen]]

### DONE [[🏪 Groceries Template]] 

### DONE Clean out car

### DONE Laundry 

### Watching some more [[Community - NBC]]
#### S2E1 - Season Premiere Love Game with [[Betty White]]

#### E2 - Pop-lock-and-lawyer with [[Rob Corddry]]

#### E3 - Oil spill and Pierce’s mom’s death

### Checked out the [[Vox]] [[Quibi]] show [[Answered]]. It’s fine. 

### Read more of [[The Ocean at the End of the Lane by Neil Gaiman]] up to about 20% through. 

## Thoughts::
### 15:34
#### Been a super productive day so far. Just made some eggs because I really haven't had much at all today.

#### Watched another [[YouTube]] video on [[Roam]] this time on [[Daily Template]]'s
##### https://youtu.be/JggEetmfjXk

##### The premise here is to put them on a different page, under the date, so they show up in the references like my logs. 

### 20:27
#### I wonder if there’s any chance someone will build a tool to upload a [[Roam]] export into [[TiddlyWiki]]. 
##### This would solve all my apprehensions with diving into [[Roam]]. 

##### Did an export on both [[Markdown]] and [[JSON]]. Markdown looks exactly as expected, individual files. Curious what would happen if I uploaded the JSON into a blank TiddlyWiki... for tomorrow. 

#### Another downside of [[Roam]] is the lack of customizability, although I saw there is some CSS stuff you can do (at least I think I did). 

#### Saving [[The Last Dance - ESPN]] for tomorrow. 

#### [[Roam]] is doing this weird thing where, while on mobile, I’ll type [[ and start typing in the closed double bracket, but at some point when I don’t notice it’s adding an extra two open brackets so it looks like [[[[]] (with text in the middle obviously.)
##### This is happening when you finish typing the first word after the two brackets and autocorrect adds an extra two for some reason on iOS, for me at least. 

#### I really do like how the logs for watching/reading appear at the end of the day in the references like this. 

### 21:00
#### Want to start exploring and building out plots and outlines for my [[Made Up Movies]]. 
##### First up is [[Mercury Tom]]

