---
title: May 16th, 2020
---

## Actually got up at a decent time to day to watch the [[Borussia Dortmund]] game. First [[Bundesliga]] game since [[The Quarantine Times]].

## Was super unproductive after this though.

## 30 minute Intervals and Arms [[Peloton]]

## 20 minute [[Headspace]] Pro 2 Day 3
### had to redo day 3 due to timer issue yesterday. 

## Next week [[Hop Butcher for the World]] beers are going to be the return of the luscious [[Green Moss]] and a new one for me, [[Dese Dem & Dose]], a single IPA.

## I’ve found myself unable to blog recently. It’s not that I don’t want to, but I want to come up with more grande themes or templates around posts that when an article comes up I’d like to quote or link to, rather than posting, it sits in my Drafts inbox for eternity. 

## [[Gratitude Journal]]
### I just listened, for the first time, to [[The Happiness Lab]], and really enjoyed it. The episode I listened to, with the [[Reply All]] guys, wasn’t necessarily about gratitude journaling, but more about not griping and writing gratitude letters to others, but it got my thinking about my journals here that I started a few days ago and now I should try, after hearing about them for years and years a million times, that I should actually try a gratitude journal. I imagine most times this will be a single sentence, but I’m in the mood to write a little bit more right now. So today I’m grateful for listening to a podcast to finally get me over that hump of starting a healthy routine. 

## Regardless of the fact no one can probably see this, I think I might take this private and try to figure out a workflow for moving things to TiddlyWiki again......
