---
title: October 14th, 2020
---

## I hope [[Safari]] 14 and the [[mymind]] extension means we might get some [[Safari]] compatible [[Roam]] extensions now too.
:PROPERTIES:
:ID:67d016a8-e29f-4723-98a0-293298e301f7
:END:

## Added authors and highlights to all my #Blinkist books so far.

## Giving [[Spotify]] free a spin while I dont have any streaming service.
:PROPERTIES:
:ID:748629f6-3506-44a1-8038-6974d3b3ee8f
:END:
### Still mostly sticking with my [[iTunes]] and [[Bandcamp]] libraries, but it's useful to be able to listen to new stuff.

### Still think the playlists mixing podcasts and music are weird... 
#### Giving the Daily Wellness one a shot though...
##### Meh

## With a move-in date confirmed in [[Seattle]], I’m starting to plan my next [[Homebrew]]. 
:PROPERTIES:
:ID:c58d4f64-55c4-4dc3-99db-4e5a6e1fca80
:END:
### Thinking of a pseudo lager style beer with some lemon and lime zest. 
#### [[Pseudo SuperSonic]]

#### Well I think I’ve come up with the perfect first beer to brew once I’m in Seattle. Blending Omega’s [Pseudo-Lager](https://omegayeast.com/lutra-kveik-helles-pseudo-lager-recipe) recipe and their Lutra Kveik yeast with a Nano NEIPA, then adding some lemon and lime zest in boil, __Pseudo SuperSonic__ is born.  
##### https://tiv.today/2020/10/planningfirstseattlebrew

## Taking a quick spin around [[Wiki Town]]. 
:PROPERTIES:
:ID:a1667695-004f-439a-bd77-265fd47e9969
:END:
### Trying to pull some useful things I could do around here. 

### Want to implement some sort of review and on this day (although this isn’t that old yet.)
#### Could potentially do a daily review under the link log everyday or just a weekly one on Sundays. 
##### Could use block references for all top level blocks from the day before if daily, if weekly, probably just review each day at a high level. 

#### For on this day, I’m curious if a query would work to pull in every October 1 from every year.
##### Don’t think it would work now, but maybe as it is developed more. 

##### This does get me thinking if I should be tagging days with the day and date to make something like this more doable down the road. 
###### I think [[Phil N.]] did this a couple times, but it looks like he gave up on it pretty quickly. 

### Hoping to do a deeper dive through these tomorrow. 

## —————

## [[Wellness Log]]
### 1.88mi [[Run]] 16:30 (took a small walk break in the middle)

### Light [[Abs]]

### Light [[Dumbbells]] + chest

## [[Media Diet]]
### [[All or Nothing: Tottenham]] E9

### [[Vision (2015)]] 2+3+4+5

### [[The Haunting of Bly Manor - Netflix]] E7+8+9

### [[Superman: Year One]]

## [[Sports Log]]
### [[UEFA Nations League]] - [[Italy/Soccer]] vs. [[Netherlands/Soccer]]

## [[Link Log]]
### [[🎙]] How Will the [[NBA]] Adapt to the [[Los Angeles Lakers]]’ Successful Style of Play? | [[The Mismatch]] — [[The Ringer NBA Show]] — Overcast //// [overcast.fm](https://overcast.fm/+GgJB4uBXs)

### [[🎙]] The Confirmation Hearing of [[Amy Coney Barrett]] — [[The Daily]] — Overcast //// [overcast.fm](https://overcast.fm/+LHye7IeZo)

### [[🎙]] [[Kara Swisher]] — [[Servant of Pod]] with [[Nick Quah]] — Overcast //// [overcast.fm](https://overcast.fm/+cIA3_KpMo)

### [[🎙]] # 106 | Perfect Pitch — [[Twenty Thousand Hertz]] — Overcast //// [overcast.fm](https://overcast.fm/+HhSexJo-0)
