---
title: September 28th, 2020
---

## Spent some time the other day clearing out any entries that should be considered _private_.
### Hopefully I didn’t miss anything. Mostly wanted to get other peoples names, especially those I don’t know well, removed because I was tracking networking notes with friends of friends, etc. 

### Keeping my job search notes here though. don’t feel like those need to be private and it’s nicer to try to keep as much as possible in one place. 
#### Probably won’t use the Private one until I get a new job. 

### Moving them over to my Private database has proven to be quite the pain.
#### Everytime I try to import the JSON it says blocks already exist and doesn't import anything, despite me deleting every. single. page. in it to start...

### I’ve done a pretty poor job using Roam besides my job search tracking. Hoping making it public will help stir some motivation of logging links, media, etc. 

## Spending today updating some older stuff like books, movies, beers, and tv shows.

## Getting back to trying to read [[Jonathan Strange & Mr Norrell by Susanna Clarke]]
### I tried reading it back in 2011... (?) and it just didn’t grab me. Only 5% through right now and feel more confident I’ll be able to stick with it. 

## Also started [[Boom Town by Sam Anderson]] on audio from the library.

## Good win for [[Liverpool]] against [[Arsenal]] today, 3-1, with Jota scoring in his debut for the reds.

## [[Media Diet]]
### [[Tehran - Apple TV]] S1E1

### [[Fargo - FX]] S4E1

## Really want that API to come so I can automate my media diet and link log entries here rather than on [[TIV]]. 

## [[Beer Log]]
### [[DDH King Sue]]
#### Solid, but I’m not big on solo-hopped Citra beers.
