---
title: October 25th, 2020
---

## It’s already almost noon... Oyi...

## Thinking after [[Pseudo SuperSonic]], I’m going to try to brew a pastry Stout for winter... Oreos, vanilla, lactose, cacao. 

## [Brewing With Sugary Adjuncts | Craft Beer & Brewing](https://beerandbrewing.com/brewing-with-sugary-adjuncts/) #Homebrew

## [[Politics Journal]]
### I hate hate hate that I know people, family and (ex-)friends who actively support this fucking tangerine toupee. 
#### I honestly don’t know how to talk to them anymore and dread every moment (leading up to being) with them. 

#### I’m so glad I’ll be in [[Seattle]] before the holiday season and won’t be coming back for either holiday. 

## Kneeling
### Places where it’s okay:
#### During a sporting event when someone is injured. 

#### While proposing marriage. 

#### While praying/At a religious service. 

#### Stretching your glutes and hamstrings. 

#### Shredding during a guitar solo. 

#### Meditating/Yoga. 

#### In the bedroom. 

#### Praising royalty. 

#### Catchers in baseball are basically kneeling. 

#### Basically anywhere else. 

### Places where it’s not okay:
#### During the national anthem at a sporting event 🙄

## —————

## [[Link Log]]
### [[🎙]] Election Special — [[The Last Archive]] — Overcast //// [overcast.fm](https://overcast.fm/+ZZLFyGEgU)

### [[🎙]] The End of The Modern Hollywood Era (with [[Richard Rushfield]]) — [[Culturally Relevant]] with [[David Chen]] — Overcast //// [overcast.fm](https://overcast.fm/+SMu6vVIjs)

### [[🎙]] The Sunday Read: ‘My Mustache, My Self’ — [[The Daily]] — Overcast //// [overcast.fm](https://overcast.fm/+LHyeKn6V0)

### [[🎙]] Episode 157: [[Finback]] Cofounder [[Kevin Stafford]] Strives For Harmony in Creative, Boundary-Pushing Beers — [[Craft Beer & Brewing]] Magazine Podcast — Overcast //// [overcast.fm](https://overcast.fm/+Ko9l6yMYM)

### [[🎙]] Episode 158: 2020 Best in Beer Podcast Special! — [[Craft Beer & Brewing]] Magazine Podcast — Overcast //// [overcast.fm](https://overcast.fm/+Ko9l_QDLQ)

## [[Yesterday's Review]]
### Super lazy morning... Don’t think it’s because of the empty house and air mattress, but it probably didn’t help.
#### ((cf923b39-7ea8-4d4b-a6e5-beb71f327bfb))

### Went on a bit of a rant after not wanting to go on a rant...

### Brewery visit was nice and easy.

### Some decent soccer and the [[World Series]] game was amazing.

### [[Hop Butcher for the World]]’s [[Run to Daylight]] making [[Craft Beer & Brewing]]’s top 20 of the year!!!

### [[WILMORE - Peacock]] was just okay...
