---
title: October 24th, 2020
---

## First morning waking up on the air mattress in the empty condo.
:PROPERTIES:
:ID:54f3b69d-11c1-4932-a186-1eb074e19284
:END:
### No espresso machine means [[Aeropress]] coffee with my espresso beans.
#### Definitely not the best combo, but better than K-Cups at the in-laws.

### Mostly a lazy day so far, watching tons of soccer on the air mattress with my iPad.

## [[Politics Journal]]
### Had a bunch of stuff come to mind yesterday that I wanted to write down and work out, but I just went for a walk and let myself cool down instead.

### Focusing on ignoring most of the news until we get to [[Seattle]] on 11/7.
#### Just no point to wrack my brain with all this shit going on. 

#### I’ve voted, I (and half the country) know right from wrong.
##### And hopefully we don’t get fucked.

### The actual election process is going to be a nightmare with the delays and I just want to be notified when it’s called. And then either jump up in joy or escape to Canada...
#### He’s just such a fuckin moronic child..

## [[Out and About]]
### Went to [[Phase Three Brewing]] with [[TK]].

## —————

## [[Sports Log]]
### [[Chelsea]] vs [[Manchester United]]
#### [[Thiago Silva]] continues to be amazing as he gets older. Great pick-up for Chelsea.

### [[Liverpool]] vs [[Sheffield United]]
#### Dumb penalty...
##### You need to have some sort of discretion as a referee in situations like that where its basically outside the box AND barely (if even, because it **wasn’t**) a foul.

#### [[Roberto Firmino]] getting a goal!
##### Hopefully this easy one helps his confidence in front of goal moving forward.

## [[Media Diet]]
### [[WILMORE - Peacock]] S1E4

## [[Wellness Log]]
### Light [[Abs]]

### 25 [[Kettlebell]] swings

### 15ea heavy [[Kettlebell]] side lifts

## [[Beer Log]]
### [[Peel Carefully]]

### [[P3 Helles]]

### [[Double Nectar: Passion Fruit//Mango//Sweet Cherry//Pink Guava//Tangerine//Key Lime]]

### [[DDH Mosaic Sabro Triple Créme]]

### [[F-Stop]]

### [[Going Places]]

## [[Link Log]]

### [[🎙]] #107 | Dies Irae — [[Twenty Thousand Hertz]] — Overcast //// [overcast.fm](https://overcast.fm/+HhSfqjy60)

### [[📰]] The Best 20 Beers in 2020 Oct 23, 2020 //// [beerandbrewing.com](https://beerandbrewing.com/the-best-20-beers-in-2020/?utm_source=drip&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=CBB+10.23.20+EDIT&utm_content=The+Best+20+Beers+in+2020)
#### Oregon with the most, 3. 

#### Illinois and Washington both with 2. 
##### No other state has more than 1. 

##### From great beer state to great beer state for me. 

### [[🎙]] [[Hanif Abdurraqib]] — [[Servant of Pod]] with [[Nick Quah]] — Overcast //// [overcast.fm](https://overcast.fm/+cIA1c3iJ8)

### [[🎙]] [[Elvis Costello]] Talks with [[David Remnick]] — [[The New Yorker Radio Hour]] — Overcast //// [overcast.fm](https://overcast.fm/+FZsu-DnjY)

## [[Yesterday's Review]]
### Fell off these for a bit...

### House is empty now, [[Bruce Wayne]] and me are sleeping on an air mattress until closing next Friday, fingers crossed that doesn’t fall through.
#### ((d52800d2-f7f9-4e98-a5f6-fc26415e2924))

### Think I might get away from political news for the next couple weeks. The election and the possible/likely delay in results is just going to attack my anxiety in an unhealthy way that I don’t need right now. At least [[Seattle]] is super close to [[Canada]].
#### ((403aa799-a739-43e5-a619-c093ba81a2e2))

### Also need to include my [[SodaStream]] water in the taste test. Will do that vs. Perrier vs. Topo Chico next.
#### ((997458a6-4cc5-45bf-a7c2-afdc63c8bbe1))

### Really going to miss Hop Butcher...
#### ((76bcd8a0-d52a-46b6-8e0e-33a4733c914b))

### See above about anxiety... Really struggling. At least I have an interview next week. Don’t want to throw all my mental eggs in that basket, but they kind of already are...
#### ((7b850005-6b60-4108-aa8e-5582d35cf92a))

### Seeing [[Jack Baty]] talk about [[TheBrain]] working with [[Roam]] is kind of awesome. Thinking [[Beam]] might actually be a better alternative to [[Roam]] given some of the turnoffishness from their founder.
#### ((1f3b0d36-d1a8-4bb1-bc31-20cf1776daac))

### Such a bummer that we won’t get more [[Mindhunter - Netflix]]. It was a masterpiece, although I think I liked the second season less than the first.
#### ((ff4e9d15-3403-48a0-8bb0-e5f92896f8b4))
