---
title: June 18th, 2020
---

## Interview with [[Saputo]] today did not go great. At all.
### It was with two different hiring managers, and the one I liked had to leave early and I just got the vibe the other one didn't like me at all.
#### He even stopped halfway through the interview telling an HR lady I wasn't a good fit for him, but maybe the other guy.

#### Just frustrated.

### Hopefully I get a chance to talk to the guy who had to leave early because he seemed much more engaged and willing to have a dialog with me and discuss things vs grilling on broad questions that seem kind of irrelevant.
#### Maybe I'm over reacting a bit, but I just got the sense the second hiring manager hated me and wanted nothing to do with me.
##### I know this is unfair and if by miracle he sees this I hope he would understand I was just frustrated by not being able to adequately answer his questions

#### I still feel like I'd be perfect for either role and hope I get the chance to talk to the first one again and see where that might go.

## 15 min [[Peloton]] Low Impact
### Easy ride today as the last one was tough and my knee is bugging me.

### Also didn't want to push to hard before my interview.

## Thinking about [[Places for Text]] a lot again.
### Places:
#### Day One - barely even use, but I feel like I should as a good journaling app.

#### Roam - this place. I love it, but am struggling to justify the cost for how I am using it.

#### Drafts - blog drafts and posting, notes. 

#### TIV - blog

#### Things - tasks

## Forgot how I planned to do [[Correspondence]]...
### Just sent [[Robin Rendle]] and email and want to log it here...

## So [[Warren Ellis]] is getting cancelled... accused of Sexual Coercion. 
### I typed probably eight drafts to post to my blog about it, but every time I stopped. 
#### a) nobody wants to hear from me (nobody is reading anyways..)

#### b) there are levels to all this MeToo stuff, and this is definitely on the lighter side. 
##### lighter side does not make things acceptable, he obviously abused a position of power in the industry, but the stories almost feel like dating a jerk rather than any sexual misconduct. Young people casually date, sometimes that means sleeping with multiple people until you go steady with someone, sometimes that’s a state of living. That’s what this feels like, except the power dynamic makes this slimey because of his position. 
###### Just stop dating people you work with people...

#### c) everything I typed could come back to haunt me either way

#### d) I’m genuinely sad I might not ever read new stuff from him because people will avoid him all across the industry. 
##### I hope this is not the case. I do not take the things the women have said lightly. This is my personal notepad where I think, not intended as a coherent piece, which is why I’m writing here and not my blog (which still no one reads), because at this moment, it’s the women we should be listening to. I’m just writing out my thoughts to figure out things on my own as a cis white male in the times we are currently in. With all that said, I don’t think this is enough to cancel someone over... maybe I’m biased as wanting to read more Ellis. Maybe that makes me a terrible person. I’m fine when protests for BLM burn down Targets, but I struggle in this situation. 
###### I’m not sure if it’s because these acts, while abusing a position of power, aren’t as bad as others that have happened, or if it’s because I admire Ellis as a writer. 

###### This is genuinely the first time someone I admire has gotten caught up in this shit. It sucks. It’s no fun. And it’s 10000000x worse for the women who have had to deal with the bullshit for years and years. 
