---
title: June 6th, 2020
---

## Morning Pages
### Up earlyish today to get myself a little organized.

### Currently have the [[Bayern Munich]] game on the TV as I am looking through my notes here in [[Obsidian]] after importing them over from [[Roam]]

### Will also want to check [[TiddlyWiki]] to see if there is anything else I want to snag here to fill out my knowledge database as it is quickly becoming.

### Easy access to my notes on iOS is critical and works great with iA Writer, although I'm still eager for an Obsidian application.

### A little bummed that I wasn't able to get a [[Drafts ]] action to append to these notes, but it's understandable since I'm using [[iCloud]].
#### Maybe I'll consider the Obsidian sync or [[Dropbox]] instead of iCloud in the future, but for now, I like not having to use the same sync as my blog.

### [[Bayern Munich]] is kicking ass all of a sudden now.
#### After being own 0-1, they have taken a commanding 3-1 lead to wrap up the first half.

### Now that I have subscriptions to both [[The New Yorker]] and [[The Atlantic]], I want to parse down other sources considerably now.
#### Before I get back to reading my fiction books, I'm hoping to catch up on some queued media.
##### I have a huge backlog in [[Instapaper]], and [[Overcast]], plus saved articles in the apps for [[The New Yorker]] and [[The Atlantic]], and then two print issues of [[The New Yorker]].

## Health
### 20 min 70's [[Peloton]] ride with [[Dennis Morton]]

## Drinking
### [[Dun Dun Dun]]

### [[Riprap]]

## Music
### [[Light Leaks by Swartz et]]

### [[Ocean Echoes by Akeedro]]

### [[Fragments by Altars Altars]]

## Notes
### Still up from yesterday, recreated my [[Wish List]] becuase it seems to have gotten lost.

### Ended up subscribing to [[The Atlantic]], now I know I've been up to late or had one too many beers...

### Damn... thought I was going to be able to easily append to my Daily pages through a Drafts action, but apparently Drafts Actions can only effect files in the Drafts folder in iCloud Drive.

### Sitting outside with Tick and Bruce waiting to babysit Sandra’s pup. 

### Made [[Sourdough Mochi Pancakes]] for breakfast.

### Starting a [[30 Rock - NBC]] complete watch.
