---
title: October 15th, 2020
---

## Dream Homes
:PROPERTIES:
:ID:421a2ad8-1344-4add-86af-f517552615ff
:END:
### https://twitter.com/Uniquepixs/status/1316469325763469312?s=20

### https://twitter.com/uniquepixs/status/1316750333599641601?s=10

## [[Seattle Road Trip 2020]]
:PROPERTIES:
:ID:adbc792b-2b3d-48e7-95b7-3de3063aa4fc
:END:
### Starting to plan the route. First stop will probably be [[Minneapolis]], which is about 6 hours away. 
#### Figured we’d leave in the afternoon, hit two breweries and then spend the night. 

### Current thought is:
#### (6hr to) [[Minneapolis]] ->
##### [[Modist Brewing]] and [[BlackStack Brewing]]

#### (8hr to) [[Theodore Roosevelt National Park]] ->

#### (6hr to) [[Bozeman]]  ->
##### [[MAP Brewing]] & [[Montana Ale Works]]

#### (9hr to) [[Yakima]]
##### [[Bale Breaker Brewing]] & [[Single Hill Brewing]]

##### (or (11 1/2hr to) [[Portland]] (a bit of a stretch) or (6hr to) [[Spokane]]) -> 

#### (3hr to) [[Seattle]] (5hr if Spokane)
##### This would have us leaving on [[November 3rd, 2020]] to arrive on our move in date of [[November 7th, 2020]]
###### Might take it slower though since we are closing on [[October 23rd, 2020]].
####### Would rather hit the road earlier than stay with in-laws any longer than I have to.

##### Goal would be max 12hr days, assuming an additional 2hr to each of the above for lunch breaks.
###### Eat breakfast in morning, hit road, do a late lunch, then reach town, eat dinner, hit the hay.

## Did a [[Yesterday's Review]] review below the link log.
:PROPERTIES:
:ID:3a647d16-73d8-44af-b435-beac01f14d64
:END:
### Not sure if this is the best way to handle things, but it was definitely refreshing to go through the previous days blocks, so I'll need to figure out how exactly I want to handle it.

## I think [[Kicks Condor]] is back..!
:PROPERTIES:
:ID:8674a450-ae1b-4beb-8bc8-37b212ff8eea
:END:

## I hope [[Jack Baty]] gets the 12 Pro so I can hear about the camera.
:PROPERTIES:
:ID:9d790b2e-3b3d-4da0-b0a7-ba3e93dd8862
:END:
### Don’t think he is considering the Max through so I don’t know how much difference there would be between 12 mini and 12 pro, but the ProRAW stuff is Pro only and that’s still kind of interesting.

## Dinner with [[Momma]], [[Val]], and [[TK]]. 
:PROPERTIES:
:ID:47b7f114-ed08-43f8-955b-ea96e9ac7ba4
:END:

## —————

## [[Media Diet]]
### [[Ali Wong: Baby Cobra]]

## [[Meta Log]]
### This is where I am going to start storing thoughts about blogging, [[Wiki]]’s, and [[Roam]].

### One of the reasons I love [[Roam]] is the ease to just come in and write.
#### A lot of the time, I go on “threads” (for lack of a better word) on my blog, and feel like I could go on and on and on, and sometimes I do, but I usually hold back at some level.
##### But at the same time, I feel like I’m filling up people’s [[micro.blog]] timelines and I know I should blog for me, but I also don’t want to be that guy at the party who takes over every single conversation and inundates you with things you may or may not be interested in.
###### I don’t even do this a lot, so maybe it makes it okay, or maybe it makes it worse because my presence is only there when I decide to go on a five micro post rant about sports.

###### Also, while I don’t care about follower count, especially since you can’t see it on [[micro.blog]], I do like the conversation aspect, and the more “rants” you go on, the more likely the people I have had conversations with in the past decide it’s not worth following.

#### I know I’m overthinking all of this, but that’s why it is in the meta log.
##### But really does anyone on [[micro.blog]] want to be inundated with my thoughts on [[NBA]] coaching???

## [[Sports Log]]
### [[Hot Takes]]
#### [[Ty Lue]] coaching the [[Los Angeles Clippers]] is a bad choice.
##### Who knows though; [[LeBron James]] coaches are hard to judge.
###### I give [[Frank Vogel]] more credit than [[Ty Lue]] and FV had [[Anthony Davis]] who I’d take over the combo of [[Kyrie Irving]] and [[Kevin Love]], although KL is super underrated, in CLE, MIN, and just overall.
####### [[Erik Spoelstra]] more than either though, despite losing what should have been two gimmie championships.
######## Mostly because he has proved it without a superstar. 

######## Even before [[Jimmy Butler]] he always gets the most out of his guys and he, along with [[Pat Riley]] have built a reputation for what being a Heat player stands for more than any other team in the league.

####### [[Frank Vogel]] has shown he can get a lot out of his guys too back before LA with the [[Indiana Pacers]], but it was a very one dimensional team.
######## He definitely brought that dimension to LA and the excelled because of it, but [[LeBron James]] brings every dimension on his own as a player.

####### [[Ty Lue]] has no experience as a head coach except for coaching [[LeBron James]].
######## Should that be held against him, no, but should his championship be held in great acclaim for him, also no.

######## [[Kawhi Leonard]] is a very different player than [[LeBron James]].
######### While I prefer KL to LBJ, LBJ is the smartest to ever play. You don’t need a coach with him. He is the coach, and the GM, and the President, and the Captain, and everything else.

######### Kawhi, in a similar fashion to [[Michael Jordan]], but less vocal, is there to get the job done. They are elite level soldiers in a way.
########## And MJ is the GOAT, for the record.

#### Really interested to see where [[Daryl Morey]] lands after “__stepping__” down as GM in [[Houston]]
##### Not really a hot take, but a quick thought...

## [[Beer Log]]
### [[Brainforest]]
#### https://untp.beer/V47D3

#### HBftW # 97
##### Almost to 100 unique HB brews. 

### [[Maps & Territories]]
#### https://untp.beer/YX0w7

## [[Wellness Log]]
### 1.26mi [[Run]] 10:40

### Light [[Dumbbells]] x2

### Light [[Abs]]

## [[Yesterday's Review]] [[October 14th, 2020]]
### ((67d016a8-e29f-4723-98a0-293298e301f7))
#### Haven't seen anything yet, but I also don't really use my laptop anymore so it really doesn't make that big of a difference.

### ((748629f6-3506-44a1-8038-6974d3b3ee8f))
#### I definitely like their playlists over [[Apple Music]], but (and I might say this no matter what) their ads seem to play soooo much. And I get it, but I don't need to really deal with it. Will still give it some time though. And once I have a job, will probably pick up Apple's through a bundle anyways...

### ((c58d4f64-55c4-4dc3-99db-4e5a6e1fca80))
#### Getting really excited for this beer. Deciding whether to go a little crazy and add a pinch of lactose and vanilla, or to keep it as a cool, crisp, hoppy ale with lemon and lime.

### ((a1667695-004f-439a-bd77-265fd47e9969))
#### Doing this review because I was just about to dive in deeper. I'm jealous of the  three main wiki's I follow, [[Chameleon]], [[Sphygmus]], and [[h0p3]] becuase they seem so committed and have a process. Maybe it's becuase they allow themselves breaks to where I have a bit of OCD and completionist mindest that I can't seem to shake.

### [[Log Review]]
#### Really solid run yesterday and glad I got some abs and bi's in too.

#### Glad I finished [[Superman: Year One]] since I need to give that back to [[Coco J]] before we leave for [[Seattle]]

#### [[Vision (2015)]] is fantastic.

#### Took us three days to binge [[The Haunting of Bly Manor - Netflix]]
##### I think I liked the first season better, but it was enjoyable.

##### There were two or three pretty unique episodes, **but** they dragged... a lot... so mixed bag there.

#### [[Servant of Pod]] has me wanting to actually give [[Kara Swisher]]'s [[Sway Podcast]] a try. I subscribed in [[Overcast]] but keep deleting episodes since I just don't listen to podcasts as much anymore.
