---
title: June 9th, 2020
---

## Morning Pages
### I think I'm putting too much stuff in here. This should really be for thinking and for knowledge, rather than the exercise, drinking, and watch logs I've been putting in here. 
#### Maybe there is still a place for those logs here, but they should be less intensive.

#### I'd much prefer them to be in my Field Notes, which usage has been slipping and I've been trying to get myself using again.

### Job searching is starting to stress me out.
#### Saputo (cheese company) reached out about an IT Finance Analyst postion on LinkedIn.
##### Going to discuss the role with their HR on Thursday, but I don't think I'm really a good fit for the role.
###### They are looking for someone who has experience with Finance modules in SAP and can drive improvements in that regard.

###### Also the reviews on Glassdoor for the Lincholnshire office (only 6 reviews) are atrocious.

###### I still want to give the role a chance with me being out of work and all, but if the compensation isn't close to what I want, it's not something I'd take, even given I am currently out of work. 
####### I don't want to get stuck in a job I hate not making any money.

### This day has been a little slower than yesterday for me.
#### I got my ride done, but then mosied about (before and after the ride actually) for far too long. I honestly don't even remember what I was doing during that time. Scrolling, etc.

### Planning to try to finish [[Artificial Condition by Martha Wells]] today, and then get started on [[The City We Became by N.K. Jemisin]], which is finally available to rent, which reminds me, I need to check it out now... Done... and dammit, I somehow only checked it out for seven days, so I better get started ASAP.

### For some reason my ride with [[Robin Arzon]] was super motivating, even though it was only a low impact ride. 
#### Something about it just made me want to get to it! Work out harder, get more productive... and then I ruined it by meandering around after the ride. 

#### I still want to get a little bit more exercise in today before showering and meditaiting.
##### That combined with the reading I want/need to get done means morning pages are over.

## Health
### 20 min low impact [[Peloton]] w/ [[Robin Arzon]]

### Ab Work

### Pull Ups

### DB Light Arms

## Drinking
### [[Better Hit the Jackpot aka 777]]

### Ghost Ride - [[Revolution Brewing]]

### [[Preserved in Three Dimensions]]

## Notes
### Moved $100 from [[Tick]] UE debit card over to my account for groceries.

### Certified for unemployment 5/24-6/6.

### This Weeks HB releases:
#### [[Elder Secrets of an Ancient Past]]

#### [[Emits Showers of Sparks]]

### Trivia night with [[Tick]]'s work
