---
title: April 12th, 2020
---

## I’m trying to consider what it would look like if I used both [[Roam]] and [[TiddlyWiki]] indefinitely. 
### right now, it feels like [[Roam]] is a good scratchpad to think things through. all things. little, bit, work, personal, blog, erc. 

### [[TiddlyWiki]] I like more as a final database. like the tiddlers for top ten lists, my vitamins, etc. 

### not sure where exactly the journal posts should live. maybe both places? I like the journal tiddlers, but the journals feel like they are more along the lines of thinking things through rather than a final place for something. then again, it’s less thinking and more about what happened I guess. 

## I fell off the [[Newsletter]] bandwagon pretty quick. I have the start of a draft for the new issue, it just doesn’t feel like something I really want to spend my time on at the moment. 
### I’m trying to do more [[Reading]], learning, and good consumption to really take things in at the moment. 

### writing a [[Newsletter]] that goes out to people’s inboxes is a little more intimidating than a blog post. 
#### for a blog post, it can be edited, and people have to actually come to see it, unless they have [[RSS]]. 

#### with email, it’s going directly into someone’s inbox and can’t be edited after it gets there. 

## I want to write something but I’m not sure what at the moment. so instead I keep flipping between apps mindlessly. I’m trying to trigger myself to read at times like these, but it get more productive to write through it. 
### [[Instapaper]] and [[Overcast]] queues have built up quite a bit and I only got through the talk of the towns of last weeks [[The New Yorker]]. 

### I like what I’ve done with the wiki so far today. building out my kind of personal operating system. 

### still not sure why I brought day one back to my home screen. the only thing in it is stuff from ifttt ([[Instapaper]] likes, I think. not even positive so I should probably figure out where everything is pulling from), and movie logs. 

### I wish I were the type of person who took notes while reading. [[Marginalia]] as they say. my mind just doesn’t work like that I guess. I try to make an effort to highlight or underline but usually forget. 

### I also wish [[Roam]] would just open up to the full app from mobile. navigating the full app seems like less work than dealing with the quick capture at the moment. 

### going to try to take more photos around the house as a [[The Quarantine Times]] photo series. 

## needed to get this out of my head so I can continue with my evening and out of respect for people who see micro.blog as a reprieve from politics I’m avoiding posting this to my blog. but are there seriously people who don’t like Biden enough that they aren’t going to fucking vote?! did we learn nothing in 2016?! I don’t want to hear the bullshit that you don’t like either or you want to vote third party. cut the shit. also, the people who say, I’m voting for the lesser of two evils can fuck off. there is no lesser of two evils. there is qualified vs evil incarnate. in 2016 and now in 2020. 
