---
title: April 24th, 2020
---

## Watching [[Kevin Rose]] interview [[Conor White-Sullivan from Roam]] on [[YouTube]]
### https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kweL6tRfzUY

### [[RibbonFarm]] - site to look at in the future

## Started to watch some [[Tim Ferriss]] [[YouTube]] videos now...
### On [[Note Taking]]
#### https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UFdR8w_R1HA

#### One book for intake, one for [[Morning Pages]], and a [[Five Minute Journal]]

### On [[Reading]] and digesting books
#### https://youtu.be/YQOrqAKKcUQ

#### Highlighting/underlining and creating an index in the beginning, calling out those sections.
##### The index should list the page number and what was important there. It could be a phrase or a topic, something you liked.

##### PH can be written for a phrase that you liked.

##### Prospective next steps: what do you want to do, other books to read, etc.

#### #[[Books]]
##### [[Travels with Charley by Steinbeck]] (I listened to this on [[Audible]] and enjoyed it a lot)

##### [[Writing Down the Bones by...]]

##### [[I Heard God Laughing by...]]
###### Would love to start reading some more #[[Poetry]]

##### [[Already Free by...]]

##### [[In Pursuit of the Common Good by Paul Newman & A.E. Hochner]]

### On [[Writing]] for [[Thinking]]:
#### https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=65U5byDZ55M

#### 2 crappy pages a day

#### First edit: for yourself, Second: for the fans, Third: for the critics

#### What's confusing? Where does your mind wander? What is the 10% you should keep no matter what?

## Watched some more [[Community - NBC]] today
### S1E12 - "Comparative Religion" The Christmas fight episode

### S1E13 - "Investigative Journalism" Jeff is Hawkeye as paper editor and officially dates the teacher.

### S1E14 - "Interpretive Dance" Where Troy and Britta discover they are both taking dance classes.

## Watching [[Shu Omi]]'s [[YouTube]] playlist on [[Roam]]
### https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLralmZwl_8jJuJMIebWFqm6K5I20a5Qve

### Really enjoyed the fourth video on [[How to Take Smart Notes]] with the [[Zettelkasten Method]]
#### https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ljyo_WAJevQ&list=PLralmZwl_8jJuJMIebWFqm6K5I20a5Qve&index=5&t=0s
:PROPERTIES:
:ID:8af6e990-16cc-4e23-ac09-3f46e0dd7739
:END:

#### It makes a lot of sense to me.

### A lot of the habit tracker/goal setting stuff is pretty laborious and not as intuitive as I suspect it might be when things are more easily templated as part of the feature set.
#### The heavy use of copying and pasting from other places seems like it can be greatly improved.

### I like the idea of the task list, although there has to be a better way for embedding tasks into the Daily Notes, rather than copying and pasting from the Master Task list. Well, I guess then it gets left in different headings that way, which you don't want a bunch of old tasks in the today section.

### I probably need to start forcing myself to use the sidebar. My brain doesn't think that way, but all the task stuff [[Shu Omi]] is showing makes perfect sense, that type of thing just doesn't pop-up in my head.

### Skipped the [[Spaced Repetition]] video. Not really something I'm interested in.

### Weekly Review and Planning is something that I like the idea of.

### Resonance Calendar seems like a good idea too. A way to tag things that really resonate with you so you can go back and see all those things in one page. Although I'd want to call it something different. Using [[Love]] instead 

### Need to use a Reference section at the beggining of note pages more.
#### This section should include author, keywords, dates, links, etc.

### Cool way to [[Embed Code]]

## Making some bacon wrapped scallops, onions, and pasta with my [[White Wine Sauce]] for dinner tonight.

## Building out some #[[Top Ten]] lists 2019 Top Ten Lists [[2019 Top Ten Movies]] [[2019 Top Ten Albums]] [[2019 Top Ten TV Shows]] [[2019 Top Ten Podcasts]] [[2019 Top Ten Beers]] [[2019 Top Ten Comics]]
### I don't think I'm willing to go back as far as I did with [[TiddlyWiki]], but at least starting with the #[[Top Ten]] lists is a start and if I really get into [[Roam]] and still want to hang around after they institute a [[Subscription]] fee, then maybe I'll start to go back..

## Listening to [[Relief by Pandrezz]] it is a really nice lofi album that was just released. Very jazzy, good vibes.

## Today's [[Beers]], started pretty early today...:
### [[crushcrushcrush]] - [[Mikerphone Brewing]]

### [[Creamsicle of the Cave]] - [[Quack Brews]] x2

### [[Megabite]] - [[Hop Butcher for the World]]

### [[What Does Time Taste Like?]] - [[Hop Butcher for the World]]

## I'm spending way too much time in hearing just thinking about how I want to use it. Not a complete waste of time, but it won't always be like this, although I do love it for a place to think things through with writing. It just works perfectly for that.

## Still need to get a better handle at the keyboard shortcuts around here, but once they become second nature for me, it's going to be a game changer.

## Added a page for [[Sourdough by Robin Sloan]] to see what those book pages would look like... I really like it...

## Okay... I avoided [[Reading]] long enough today... I'm done with taking notes so I can try to finish [[Exhalation by Ted Chiang]].
