---
title: April 27th, 2020
---

## Daily Log::
### Up at 08:32

### Read through RSS. Instapaper is at 109 though. Going to go through and delete a bunch. 

### Deleted a bunch, down to 82. 
#### A bunch of what is left is from the usual sources and people. 
##### [[The New Yorker]], [[The Atlantic]], [[The Ringer]], [[The New York Times]]

##### [[Craig Mod]], [[Ben Smith]], [[Kara Swisher]], [[Peter Slevin]], [[Louisa Thomas]]

### DONE Make a salad for the week

### DONE Upload JSON Export into blank TiddlyWiki
#### Effort will have to be put in if it were to work. Tiddlers are created with the right titles, but the body text isn’t coming through despite it being in the JSON. 

### DONE Long early walk 

### Watched a couple [[The Midnight Gospel - Netflix]] episodes. Only one left in the first season. 
#### Netflix has been a pain lately. Don’t know if it’s [[Netflix]] of my WiFi. 

#### Changed the format for my Watch Logs. trying to get the episode titles, and write a quick summary to help me remember a little better. 

### I’m not sure if I still want to put what I’m watching/reading like I did above, since it also shows in the references below under the watch/read log. 

### Looking forward to the [[Hop Butcher for the World]] releases on [[April 30th, 2020]]. Two new beers: [[Destination Mars]] and [[Telehopic]] and then the return of [[Skrap Metal]]. Don't know if I'll be able to pick up all three. Maybe just a single can of DM and SM and a four-pack of TH.

### 17:45
#### Applied to a couple jobs today. Was hoping to hear back from one that seemed to be advancing pretty far. Followed up today, but my confidence was at an all-time high last week and has diminished quite a bit. I'll give it until Wednesday until I completely give up on this one.

#### Pulled some photos for [[Mercury Tom Inspiration Board]]
##### Been having a lot of fun with this project. Have a lot of ideas swirling in my head.

### #[[📌 Pin]] [[Kicks Condor]] https://www.kickscondor.com/links/gardens-and-streams

### 20:01
#### Knocked out some of the [[Craig Mod]] stuff I had queued up in [[Instapaper]].

#### I think it's time to bring some of the home brew pages over from the wiki.

#### It's much easier for things to get unwieldy around here when you make a page for something but don't actually go into it to tag it... Now I have a bunch of movies, but nothing really linking them together.

#### Been porting some stuff over. I seem to be a bit slower doing it here in [[Roam]] vs [[TiddlyWiki]]. Still kind of adjusting my head. I think once it's not backlog, but current, it will be much smoother sailing for me based on how I've been using it so far.

### 21:25
#### Going to watch one episode of [[The Last Dance - ESPN]] tonight before bed.

### 23:25
#### Get some final reading in bed of [[The Ocean at the End of the Lane by Neil Gaiman]]

#### Been thinking a lot about features I’d like to see in [[Roam]] and two potential solutions for one problem immediately come to mind in terms of private vs. public. 
##### a) Allow anything indented under or on a specific tag/page be set to private. For Example, if “Work” were a page, anytime I took notes on that page or under it in Daily Notes, everything there would be blocked from the public view, but when logged in, it would obviously be accessible in search, etc. This also means if I reference something else like “Beer”, those comments still would not show up in the “Beer” page references under the public view. 

##### b) the other solution would be two separate databases. One public, one private, but they could have a one-way link  so everything in the public database would show as references and in search for the private, but nothing from the private would be accessible in the public database. 

##### Also, have no idea what I’m doing with the daily log heading at the beginning... 
