---
title: April 23rd, 2020
---

## Just wrote that page link above, but I honestly don't even know where to start if I wanted to replicate what I have on the wiki.

## Do I just mention a movie and go to that page to write the details, or do I do them indented in the Daily Notes

## Watched [[The Host (2016)]] on [[Hulu]]
### Directed and Written by [[Bong Joon-ho]]

### This was fantastic. I think I still like both Snowpiercer and Parasite more, but the direction was superb, there were some super suspenseful and sad moments, and the political commentary really hits hard given the moment we are currently living in.

### 4 stars

## See... I don't like that. It has to be on the actual page and not the daily page. So really, on the day I watched, I'd want to write the "watched xyz on xyz" and then go to that page to fill in additional details. (I did that for this case, but left the above bullets so I don't sound like a crazy person to myself when I look over this in the future.) And that's basically what I do in [[TiddlyWiki]] too so I don't know what I was expecting to be different.
### Backlogging all the old stuff that way seems like a total pain. Although in the moment it is probably pretty nice to add things simply and not have to worry about actually creating the [[Tiddler]] at that exact second for a page to be created and for it to be easily linked to in the future.

## [[Jojo Rabbit (2019)]]
### The problem with this is now Jojo will show up with a reference to this day. And I don't want to have to go back to every day in the past to have the right date reference. 

## For current stuff, the freeflowingness of [[Roam]] makes it all very nice. I think I really like it.
### In and out. Nice and clean. The user experience for people looking on probably isn't as good as [[TiddlyWiki]], but that really isn't important for this aspect.

### I still don't know what I want to do about backdating stuff though. That's a bit tougher for me at this point.

## Even though the premise is the same I struggle a little more with [[Roam]] when it comes to where do I put things, opposed to [[TiddlyWiki]] where I feel like the distinct [[Tiddler]]'s help alleviate for some reason in my brain.
### However, when at a desktop, which has been rarely for me now and in the past when it comes to a non-work computer, [[Roam]] just feels so damn smooth for me, where moving around [[TiddlyWiki]] feels very old-school and slow.

### I also don't know if it's reasonable (for me) to have multiple [[Roam]] databases and I was really enjoying using [[Roam]] for work and don't think it'd be a great idea for that stuff to be in public.
#### Which brings me back to the idea that [[Roam]] should be the private space and [[TiddlyWiki]] the public.
##### I'm a bit worried I'll ignore the wiki though...
###### The struggles.....

### All the white space with [[Roam]] on a big screen is a little infuriating...

## For me to actually want to pay for [[Roam]] would require better mobile support. 

## Testing out [[Roam]] from mobile now while in the passenger seat of a car while reading [[Exhalation by Ted Chiang]]. 
### No auto-capitalization at the begging of a note is a bit absurd. 
