---
title: December 8th, 2020
---

## Wait... but what if [[Logseq]] used [[Dropbox]] in the same way [[Blot.im]] does?!?!?
### I guess the site still needs to be hosted somewhere...
#### Which I assume GitHub does, but Dropbox can't...

## Importing this Roam graph into [[Logseq]]
### Damn you [[Jack Baty]] and [[Phil N.]]
#### As much as I’d like to try out [[TiddlyWiki]] the sync through [[Github]], at least for me, was so damn unreliable. 

#### Hoping the the [[Logseq]] sync with [[Github]] is better. 
##### Also, need to try to figure out if I can make it public. 

### Import is taking a pretty long time... hope it’s actually working...
#### Well I tried in Chrome, Safari, and iPad and no luck importing...
##### Oh Shit, nevermind, it looks like Chrome is actually working!
###### Think I might've fucked it up though... retrying...
####### Oyiiiii

### Well, I guess I'm staying here for the meantime.
#### I'm not patient enough to let the import finish and then the sync to GitHub doesn't actually seem to work for me either.
##### At least yet.

### I don’t think [[Logseq]] is ready for prime time, at least for me as someone who doesn’t know how to get all of it up and running.
#### Or at least the import doesn’t seem to be taking from Roam for me.

#### And it’s hard to know if the sync is better than TW, but it feels like early Roam where it really takes an extra couple of seconds.

#### Other than those two points, it’s really nice and I’ll keep an eye on how the importer, sync, and publishing progress.

### Now that I know [[Logseq]] is just markdown files, it makes me want to use it even more... just need the damn import to work.
#### The magic is markdown files, which are portable and can be taken anywhere, but displayed and acting as an outline. It’s magical really.

## The [[Airpods Max]] are stunning. 

## I recently created a new instagram for beer reviews, but I’m already contemplating not using it. 
### It’s cool how quickly you can gain followers in the format, but I just feel guilty using the platform.

### In the end, I really want to own it all, movie reviews, beer reviews, etc. and I want it all to be here (or preferably [[Logseq]], if I can ever get the data from here into it and synced,) and on TIV.
#### I’d definitely like to post more beer reviews and stuff on TIV, but I just haven’t been able to get into that rhythm. 
##### I’m super jealous of Gaby aka Gabz, who has excelled at posting small things throughout his day and life, including little beer reviews.

## —————

## [[Media Diet]]
### [[The Flight Attendant - HBO]] S1E1+2+3
#### Was decent. 

#### Basically [[The Night Of - HBO]] though right?
##### Only saw the first episode, should go back and watch though. 

## [[Beer Log]]
### [[Dial M for Mosaic]]

### [[Happoshu Style Lager]]

## [[Minutiae]]
### Groceries for ingredients to go with our brisket and to make a salad.

### Got a small bag of dog food for [[Bruce Wayne]] to see if he can eat kibble again and not have an upset stomach.
#### Not sure what caused him to be sick, because a few things got introduced, but planning to toss the whole bag of old food in case there was something wrong with it.

## [[Link Log]]
### [[🎙]] Ep. 596 - [[Mank (2020)]] — [[The /Filmcast]] (AKA The Slashfilmcast) — Overcast //// [overcast.fm](https://overcast.fm/+PsCz23NDI)

## [[Yesterday's Review]]
### In the end, the day went pretty well. Still wasn’t super productive, but at least I was able to get an excellent workout in.
#### ((4915ce8e-45cf-4317-a6d3-8170e4bcfb2f))

### [[Industry - HBO]] is still a super weird show, but I’m lacking other things to watch with [[TK]] at the moment. And [[Baby God (2020)]] was mostly a waste of time.
#### Media
