---
title: May 29th, 2020
---

## Started [[Artificial Condition by Martha Wells]] last night in bed. 

## Falling deep into a [[Bandcamp]] rabbit hole that I can't really afford
### I had emailed ChillHop about the potential that they offer a subscription through Bandcamp.
#### They weren't fond of the idea due to them working on their own app, which will offer a subscription to have access to their whole discoraphy.
##### Ultimately, I think this is a bad idea for them seeing as most of their audience is through streaming apps and YouTube.
###### I don't see this audience paying for another streaming app, especially since their audience is, I would guess, more than 50% students.

#### What they did respond to was me saying the full discography was a little out of my price range and they ended up changing the discount from 65% to 80%, which after the exchange rate put it somewhere in the $65 range for me, I think.
##### I bought the full discography on the spot.

#### That plus two other label discoraphy's puts my Bandcamp collection at 570 items. 
##### Now I am drowning in instrumental music.
###### Given the instrumental nature, it's a bit hard to remember who is who, what I actually like, and keep track of all this shit.

##### A big mistake was buying the [[business casual]] discography for a buck. 
###### I figured, "what's the harm," but ultimately it's not really a genre of music I enjoy and now I have a shit ton of their stuff I have to sort through when I want to listen to [[Home Normal]] or [[ChillHop Music]] stuff.

### A lot of the stuff is available on streaming, but some is it, and I've made Bandcamp my home for the ambient/instrumental/lofi music.

### Just bought some more name your price stuff, so basically $1.00 or $0.50 plus a preorder for 8 British Pounds.
