---
title: June 22nd, 2020
---

## Really want to try to be productive today.
### But, with that said, there are about four hours duing peak time carved out to watch TV.
#### 12:00 - WWDC

#### 2:00 - Manchester City game.

### It's already 10:49 now.
#### I did get up earlier (I've got a double shot and walked [[Bruce Wayne]] already)

#### Also, while I was 80% awake I through [[Overcast]] on and listened through some podcasts.
##### I, for some reason, decided to subscribe and add a bunch of backlog episodes of [[Relay FM]] shows. 
###### I'm already super behind on my queue, so this doesn't help.

###### And I havene't listened to a [[Relay FM]] show in forever at this point.

### Would like to try and get back to [[The New Yorker]]
#### I've fallen a little behind on that too.

#### That plus [[Instapaper]] and [[The Atlantic]] is where reading will be at this week.
##### Cleared out a good chunk of my Instapaper queue. Should probably do the same with the other two.
###### [[Axios]] and [[The Economist]] have also derailed me a bit.
####### I think those four sources plus personal blogs might be too much for me.
######## Plus I have [[National Geographic]] for free for another month or so and have barely touched the app....

#### Don't want to start a new book until I'm more confortable with where I am at with those.

#### Will try to read a little before WWDC and a little after Manchester City and evaluate.

### My [[Field Notes]] continue to be largely ignored, which is sad. 

### My big toe is killing me.
#### Cut the nail weird and had to tear it off a bit, and theat tore down the entire side of the nail into the skin.

## [[WWDC]] #2020
### Starting to take notes a little late, already an hour and half in.

### My favorite new features so far:
#### iPad Pencil improvements

#### Apple Watch Sleep Mode

### A lot of privacy features.
#### New Widgets on iPhone can go anywhere.
##### They showed the new widgets on iPad and macOS, but didn't show them anywhere but in their control center areas...

### Seems like a lot of refinements this year rather than any huge mind-blowing features so far.

### Official announcement of Mac transitioning to their own silicone, ARM presumably.

## Big toe is really killing me. Thought I’d get to focusing today, but it’s just been too hard to concentrate. Just listening to podcasts now. 

## Trying out [[Hyper Scheduling]] for my day tomorrow.
### Also cleaned up my calendar's with a focus on iCloud.
