---
title: June 5th, 2020
---

## Feels weird to look back at previous days with nothing in the.

## Considering checking out [[Obsidian]] again.
### Markdown sounds great, and no huge cost... It didn't feel right when I first tried it but [[Jack Baty]] and [[Phil N.]] have both said positive things about it.

### This type of thing should probably be private anyways.

### Then I might actually get back to using TiddlyWiki.

### I've already started blogging on TIV more too.

### Wow, [[Obsidian]] actually looks pretty great.
#### Trying to export my roam to markdown now to play around but the export seems to be stalling out.

## Considering checking out [[Obsidian]] again.
### Markdown sounds great, and no huge cost... It didn't feel right when I first tried it but [[Jack Baty]] and [[Phil N.]] have both said positive things about it.

### This type of thing should probably be private anyways.

### Then I might actually get back to using TiddlyWiki.

### I've already started blogging on TIV more too.

### Wow, [[Obsidian]] actually looks pretty great.
#### Trying to export my roam to markdown now to play around but the export seems to be stalling out.

## So [[Obsidian]] is a lot better than I originally thought.
### Really loving it now that I've actually figured out some of the settings.

### Now I'm a bit confused on how I want to use tags in [[Obsidian]]	

### Why isn't this showing at the top of most recently edited...

## Bought a shit ton of music today on Bandcamp.
### Now a subscriber to [[Inner Ocean Records]] and [[Temple Ov Saturn]], plus picked up some albums from [[San Mateo]], [[Swartz et]], and [[HOME]]

## Typing this on [[iOS]] through [[iA Writer]]. Pretty neat. 
### Doesn’t come up to the top though. 

### Put the Daily folder as a shortcut. 

## It looks like the reason I'm running into sort issues is becuase of the export out of [[Roam]]. I think this should be fixed by tomorrow morning.  

## Handling headers definietly needs work here in [[Obsidian]]

## Really struggling with tags here now that I'm so use to everything, whether link or tag, showing up as a backlink from [[Roam]].
### Like, why shouldn't a tag show up in backlinks??????

## Looks like there are rumors that [[Peloton]] is going to come out with a Rower for ~$1000.
### I really want it, if this is true, but [[Tick]] says rowers are bad for your back...

## Health
### 30 minute [[Peloton]] ride with [[Dennis Morton]] doing a Power Zones Max ride

### 20 minute [[Headspace]] meditation - Pro 2 Day 8

## Drinking
### [[Lord Octopus]]

### Doodle Face - [[Riverlands Brewing]]

### [[Dovetail Brewing]] [[Hefeweizen]]

### Mr. Shakey Tangerine - [[Maplewood Brewing]]

### Orange Gusher - [[Decadent Ales]]

## Music
### [[Diary of a Lucid Dreamer by 1969年]]

### [[Exerpts from Lala Land by 1969年]]
