---
title: November 20th, 2020
---

## Final interview for [[CBRE - Job Search]] today went pretty well.
### Will hear back early during the week after Thanksgiving...

## Did a little more unpacking of boxes today. 
### Almost done, but still some stragglers sitting in corners...

### Place is already filled to the brim, not sure what I’m going to do with the rest of the crap.

### Also, apparently downsizing 33% is having a bigger impact on space than I thought.
#### I never really thought we utilized the old space and a lot of it felt like it was going to waste.
##### A lot of that is also this giant IKEA thing we had that could hold and store so much that fit perfectly in the old place.

## Checked in on [[Air Mail]] again today.
### I don’t know what it is, but something about it entices me. Still not willing to subscribe, but it has the paired down magazine vibe I want, but all digital.

### Real magazines can be overwhelming with what they print/publish and then the whole online thing that they always have to pump out more.
#### I know I don’t have to read everything thing, and trust me, I don’t even get close, but to have that much is still overwhelming.
##### And the delineation between what is in print and what’s online only frustrates me too.
###### [[The New Yorker]] is better about this aspect, but [[The Atlantic]] is awful.
####### [[The Atlantic]] still doesn’t sync saved stories between devices, which still ticks me off to another level.

## —————

## [[Media Diet]]
### [[The Mandalorian - Disney]] S2E4

### [[Tesla (2020)]]

## [[Beer Log]]
### [[Juice Invader]]

### [[Kerugoya]]

### [[Roggenbier]]

### [[Maud]]

## [[Wellness Log]]
### Light [[Abs]] x2

### Medium [[Dumbbells]] x2

## [[Link Log]]
### [[📹]] Was this famous war photo staged? feat. [[Errol Morris]] - YouTube //// [youtu.be](https://youtu.be/P8QVBt2hh9M)

### [[🎙]] ViacomCBS CEO [[Bob Bakish]] on [[Paramount+]], Pluto TV — [[Recode Media]] — Overcast //// [overcast.fm](https://overcast.fm/+QL2dkdkcY)

### [[🎙]] [[BuzzFeed]]’s [[Jonah Peretti]] explains his HuffPost deal — [[Recode Media]] — Overcast //// [overcast.fm](https://overcast.fm/+QL2eiwJt0)

### [[🎙]] [[Bobby Marks]] and [[Jonathan Givony]] — [[The Lowe Post]] — Overcast //// [overcast.fm](https://overcast.fm/+d1tjPz1Pg)
