---
title: April 29th, 2020
---

## DONE [[Peloton]] ride (for the first time in a couple weeks)

## Did some cleanup on media formats to make sure things show up in references the way I want. Every tab, tag, link, and header become much more critical with all the backlinking. I think I have it all in a good place now.

## I've been looking a little more into #[[LoFi]] music and [[Bandcamp]]
### Especially in regards to [[ChillHop Music]]
#### You can buy their whole discography for like $150, but I'm not sure how buying future music would be.

#### Would also love a [[Subscription]] to [[ChillHop Music]]. 
##### It seems like the perfect fit for that kind of thing, despite the fact their music is all on [[Apple Music]], having all their music automatically download would be perfect.

## Today's #[[LoFi]]
### [[Point Pleasant by Brock Berrigan]]

### [[Before You Go by Jhove]]

## Don’t think I’m going to use the Task page anymore. Since you can just add a date in any Daily Notes and have it show up under that date, I don’t see the use. maybe for reoccurring stuff that needs to be templates out.  

## Tried a bunch of new #[[Beer]] from Colorado today.
### DDH East Coast Transplant - Sabro [[New Image Brewing]]

### Créme [[Phase Three Brewing]]

### Smallcakes: Peach [[Foreign Exchange]]

### New Hops, Who Dis?: Trident [[WeldWerks Brewing Co.]]

### Double Orange Creamsicle Milkshake [[WeldWerks Brewing Co.]]

## DONE Add Dry-hops to [[Better Hit the Jackpot aka 777]] [[April 30th, 2020]]
